Document how to enable DEBUG logging for @QuarkusTest (#8105)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/logging.adoc

* https://www.slf4j.org/[SLF4J]
* https://commons.apache.org/proper/commons-logging/[Apache Commons Logging]

== Centralized Log Management

If you want to send your logs to a centralized tool like Graylog, Logstash or Fluentd, you can follow the link:centralized-log-management[Centralized log management guide].

== How to Configure Logging for `@QuarkusTest`

> If you want to configure logging for you `@QuarkusTest` don't forget to setup the `maven-surefire-plugin` accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to configure logging for your `@QuarkusTest`, don't forget to set up the `maven-surefire-plugin` accordingly.
```
